[Configuration] help text for subpages Project and Subproject (#5744)
aces/Loris: modules/configuration/help/project.md

# Configuration: Project

Use this page to manage the configuration of existing projects, or to add a new one. Your projects are listed on the left side of the screen. Click on any project name to edits its settings, and click **Save**. 

Click **New ProjectID** from the left side to crate a new project. Populate the fields and click **Save**. Your new project should now appear in the list, after you refresh the page. 

> Note: Clicking save more than once will register a duplicate ProjectID. If you create an extra ID, you have to delete it from the database manually with an sql command.\n\nDefine all projectID-subprojectID relationships by populating the project_rel table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Clicking save more than once will register a duplicate ProjectID. If you create an extra ID, you have to delete it from the database manually with an sql command.

Define all projectID-subprojectID relationships by populating the project_rel table.
```

# Project

Use this page to manage the configuration of existing projects, or to add a new one. Your projects are listed on the left side of the screen. Click on any project name to edits its settings, and click **Save**. 

Click **New ProjectID** from the left side to crate a new project. Populate the fields and click **Save**. Your new project should now appear in the list, after you refresh the page. 

> Define all projectID-subprojectID relationships by populating the project_rel table.

Reviewer 2: I think this sentence in the help text is going to confuse users.. how do they populate the table? Do they need a dev to do it?

Reviewer: I agree, these lines can probably be deleted. It's more appropriate to the module README or a wiki page.

Author: deleted

# Configuration: Project

Use this page to manage the configuration of existing projects, or to add a new one. Your projects are listed on the left side of the screen. Click on any project name to edits its settings, and click **Save**. 

Click **New ProjectID** from the left side to crate a new project. Populate the fields and click **Save**. Your new project should now appear in the list, after you refresh the page. 

> Note: Clicking save more than once will register a duplicate ProjectID. If you create an extra ID, you have to delete it from the database manually with an sql command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
